welcome to IQ no body babies gentlemen
are you ready to see the next big thing
let's hear it for the new me what's that
Annie all children must be accompanied
by an adult you're coming with me young
lady
[Music]
hello maybe we could try and be friends
you're gonna stay here tonight
not you mom oh I knew that you judge me
yeah you being here is like the best
thing to happen to me why would you put
weapons in a robot something terrible is
about to happen
Holy Mother toasts 77023 is our only
hope there's way too much injustice in
the world together we can fix it I
promise I got your back
[Music]
No
he's so cool what do you call him my
friend Wow thank you for opening me oh
look out here I go closing
[Music]